# The agda-unimath library

Welcome to the `agda-unimath` project. This is a community-driven effort aimed
at formalizing mathematics from a univalent point of view using the dependently
typed programming language [Agda](https://github.com/agda/agda).

<a href="https://github.com/unimath/agda-unimath">
<img align="right" width="300" alt="agda-unimath" src="agda-unimath-logo.svg" />
</a>

The library project was created by Elisabeth Bonnevier, Jonathan Prieto-Cubides,
and Egbert Rijke, and is also maintained by Fredrik Bakke. Our goal is to create
an online encyclopedia of formalized mathematics containing an extensive
curriculum of topics from a univalent point of view. We think libraries of
formalized mathematics have the potential to be useful, and informative
resources for both working and learning mathematicians. Our library is designed
to work towards this goal, and we welcome contributions to the library within
any topic in mathematics.

The `agda-unimath` library is compatible with Agda 2.6.3 and can be compiled by
running `make check` from the root directory of the repository. Learn more about
using the library locally in our [installation guide](HOWTO-INSTALL.md).

## Participating in the Project

If you are interested in contributing to the `agda-unimath` project, we
encourage you to join the conversation in our
[Univalent Agda discord server](https://discord.gg/Zp2e8hYsuX). This is a
discussion platform shared between the 1Lab, `agda-unimath`, Cubical Agda, and
TypeTopology communities, where we are more than happy to get you started.

To contribute, fork the library and create a separate branch for your work.
Follow the instructions in our [installation guide](HOWTO-INSTALL.md) to set up
the project. After you have completed your formalization, submit it via a pull
request. We will review your contribution and work towards incorporating it into
the `agda-unimath` library.

{{#include SUMMARY.md}}

{{#include CONTRIBUTORS.md}}
